to the people who shop right now I want
to give some love to a dancer I saw on
YouTube and I loved him so much I wanted
to share him with you please welcome Tim
Salle's everybody
there was more to that shake I didn't
realize that I'm just doing right so
nice to meet you I I watched your your
video and it was like oh my god this guy
is incredible so what is that style
that's such a unique style um its tonic
poppin is the dance is called poppin but
the style within that is called waving
uh-huh
you guys see how it looks like water
wave
it's so isolated and how long did you
work on that now you watch yourself in
the mirror and safety and you just keep
improving the camera a lot huh mirrors
play tricks on you sometimes yeah Hey
ladies are you the camera and I'll
practice but I started hopping I was
like 18 19 yeah it's unbelievable body
control it's just I mean I love dance
anyway but that was I was really really
impressed by you and so you danced
professionally right I'm trying
yeah no it's uh it's a good job working
on a Carnival Cruise Lines
uh-huh and then I actually met my
fiancee on the cruise ship I was working
on we're getting married in September so
congratulations
when you're getting married cause
September 2nd second or second yes my
brother's birthday it's a good idea Mary
all right well I want to give you a
wedding gift and you're gonna get $1,000
JCPenney gift cards
you